the book of ecclesiastes the words of
the book of ecclesiastes the words of the preacher the son of David King in
the preacher the son of David King in
the preacher the son of David King in Jerusalem vanity of vanities vanity of
Jerusalem vanity of vanities vanity of
Jerusalem vanity of vanities vanity of vanities all is vanity
vanities all is vanity
vanities all is vanity what prophets has a man from all his
what prophets has a man from all his
what prophets has a man from all his labor in which he toils Under the Sun
labor in which he toils Under the Sun
labor in which he toils Under the Sun one generation passes away and another
one generation passes away and another
one generation passes away and another generation comes but the earth abides
generation comes but the earth abides
generation comes but the earth abides forever the Sun Also Rises and the Sun
forever the Sun Also Rises and the Sun
forever the Sun Also Rises and the Sun Goes Down and hastens to the place where
Goes Down and hastens to the place where
Goes Down and hastens to the place where it arose the wind goes toward the south
it arose the wind goes toward the south
it arose the wind goes toward the south and turns around to the north the wind
and turns around to the north the wind
and turns around to the north the wind whirls about continually and comes again
whirls about continually and comes again
whirls about continually and comes again on its circuit all the rivers run into
on its circuit all the rivers run into
on its circuit all the rivers run into the sea if the sea is not full to the
the sea if the sea is not full to the
the sea if the sea is not full to the place from which the rivers come there
place from which the rivers come there
place from which the rivers come there they return again all things are full of
they return again all things are full of
they return again all things are full of labor man cannot express it
labor man cannot express it
labor man cannot express it the eye is not satisfied with seeing nor
the eye is not satisfied with seeing nor
the eye is not satisfied with seeing nor the ear filled with earring that which
the ear filled with earring that which
the ear filled with earring that which has been is what will be that which is
has been is what will be that which is
has been is what will be that which is done is what will be done and there is
done is what will be done and there is
done is what will be done and there is nothing new Under the Sun is there
nothing new Under the Sun is there
nothing new Under the Sun is there anything of which it may be said see
anything of which it may be said see
anything of which it may be said see this is new it has already been in
this is new it has already been in
this is new it has already been in ancient times before us there is no
ancient times before us there is no
ancient times before us there is no remembrance of former things nor will
remembrance of former things nor will
remembrance of former things nor will there be any remembrance of things that
there be any remembrance of things that
there be any remembrance of things that are to come by those who will come after
are to come by those who will come after
are to come by those who will come after I the preacher was king over Israel in
I the preacher was king over Israel in
I the preacher was king over Israel in Jerusalem and I set my heart to seek and
Jerusalem and I set my heart to seek and
Jerusalem and I set my heart to seek and search out by wisdom concerning all that
search out by wisdom concerning all that
search out by wisdom concerning all that is done under heaven this burdensome
is done under heaven this burdensome
is done under heaven this burdensome task God has given to the sons of men by
task God has given to the sons of men by
task God has given to the sons of men by which they may be exercised I have seen
which they may be exercised I have seen
which they may be exercised I have seen all the works that are done under the
all the works that are done under the
all the works that are done under the Sun and indeed all is vanity and
Sun and indeed all is vanity and
Sun and indeed all is vanity and grasping for the wind what his crooked
grasping for the wind what his crooked
grasping for the wind what his crooked cannot be made straight and what is
cannot be made straight and what is
cannot be made straight and what is lacking cannot be numbered I communed
lacking cannot be numbered I communed
lacking cannot be numbered I communed with my heart saying look I have
with my heart saying look I have
with my heart saying look I have attained greatness and have gained more
attained greatness and have gained more
attained greatness and have gained more wisdom than all who were before me in
wisdom than all who were before me in
wisdom than all who were before me in Jerusalem my heart has understood great
Jerusalem my heart has understood great
Jerusalem my heart has understood great wisdom and knowledge
wisdom and knowledge
wisdom and knowledge and I set my heart to know wisdom and to
and I set my heart to know wisdom and to
and I set my heart to know wisdom and to know madness and folly I perceived that
know madness and folly I perceived that
know madness and folly I perceived that this also is grasping for the wind for
this also is grasping for the wind for
this also is grasping for the wind for in much wisdom is much grief and he who
in much wisdom is much grief and he who
in much wisdom is much grief and he who increases knowledge
increases knowledge
increases knowledge increases sorry